Update index page - Closes #789 (#793)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

The Lisk SDK makes every effort to ensure developers are easily able to focus purely and simply on writing the code that is required for their own blockchain application and nothing else.

=== Architecture overview

The Lisk SDK operates on the Node.js runtime and consists primarily of an application framework (xref:{url_framework}[Lisk Framework]).
This consists of a collection of libraries providing blockchain application functionalities (xref:{url_elements}[Lisk Elements]), and a powerful Command Line Interface (xref:{url_commander}[Lisk Commander]), which allows developers to manage a Lisk node instance and interact with a Lisk compatible network.

image::architecture-3-level.png[Diagram]

> A detailed explanation about the underlying architecture of the Lisk framework is descirbed at xref:{url_framework}[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A detailed explanation regarding the underlying architecture of the Lisk framework is described at xref:{url_framework}[]
```

[options="header",]
|===
|Dependencies |Version
|Node.js | v12 (latest)
|===

=== Installation

> Installation of the Lisk SDK is straightforward and limited to getting a single NPM package, `lisk-sdk`, to your Node.js project as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of the Lisk SDK is straightforward and only requires getting a single NPM package `lisk-sdk`, to your Node.js project as shown below:
```

TIP: All code for the example apps that is used in the tutorials is also available in the {url_github_sdk_examples}[lisk-sdk-examples repository^] on GitHub.

=== The Lisk protocol

The xref:{url_protocol}[Lisk protocol] is the set of rules followed by a blockchain created with the Lisk SDK using the default configuration.
It contains various development-agnostic specifications about the Lisk SDK.

> It is a good point to look up certain topics to gain a deeper understanding, or to explore the SDK in a scientific direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, it is recommended to look up certain topics in order to gain a deeper understanding, or to further explore the SDK in a scientific direction.
```

Author: ```suggestion
It is a good location look up certain topics in order to gain a deeper understanding, or to further explore the SDK in a scientific direction.
```
